Natalie Austin: Hi, Krista
christa Barker: Hello, Natalie.
christa Barker: How are you, I'm fine, how are you
Good.
Natalie Austin: Can you see me.
christa Barker: Yes, I can. Can you see me.
No.
Natalie Austin: There should be a video button at the bottom.
christa Barker: Okay.
christa Barker: Start video right
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes.
christa Barker: Are
christa Barker: We go. I'm showing up now. Kinda, yeah, I can see you.
Natalie Austin: See part of you a
Natalie Austin: Little darker there, I think.
christa Barker: Yeah, I'm
christa Barker: sitting in a corner. Yes, I am. Hang on a second.
christa Barker: Christopher you have internet right there.
christa Barker: So I can be like
christa Barker: Right here.
christa Barker: See if that helps.
christa Barker: Good yesterday.
christa Barker: Okay. Yeah, do that.
christa Barker: I'm getting light in here.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: When we tested it yesterday. It did really good
christa Barker: And then this morning, my SD card was corrupt and I had to redo it.
christa Barker: And I think that
christa Barker: Adds a redo this app and everything.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
christa Barker: A little better.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Much better.
Natalie Austin: Your new with us right
christa Barker: Yes, I am.
Natalie Austin: Now, did you have treatment before
christa Barker: Yes, I've been doing treatment, often on for five years and I was diagnosed with lupus. When I was 25 and I was on pain medicine and then they
christa Barker: You know recommended Suboxone switch me over at that time. None of this was available, your family doctor can prescribe it, things like that. So he is getting a little, little better with, you know, the Suboxone clinics and help fanatics and stuff. I think it's getting
Natalie Austin: Slowly, it's very slow.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
christa Barker: It is real slow and it's it's like the leading cause of death in America, like it really needs to be
Natalie Austin: Here think yeah
Natalie Austin: I think most of us educating people you know a lot of people like pharmacists don't understand it and
christa Barker: As
Natalie Austin: A lot of good advice that
christa Barker: Yeah, I think the education has a lot to do with the two I was shot and my new what happened was I was at a clinic in Iron Curtain and
christa Barker: She I woke up and it was a snowstorm. I live way out in the country. I'm raising kids and my grandkids and I can't, like, go in all the time and she put me on a daily dose. I've never had to deal with that.
christa Barker: Was of non compliant with a group. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Oh my gosh.
christa Barker: Yes. When I got compliant her thing was, well, you're going to say on daily dose until you get the marijuana out of your system and the prescribed like surreal.
christa Barker: I said, No, I'm not. I'm finding another clinic for you.
christa Barker: That's been down this online. And I was like, this is perfect. Not only is our county and city riddled with methamphetamines that they're smoking meth out front of the clinic, while I'm waiting to see the doctor.
Natalie Austin: Like
Natalie Austin: I don't want that.
One.
christa Barker: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'll see you went to a methadone clinic.
christa Barker: Know is the Suboxone clinic.
Natalie Austin: Was it
christa Barker: Yep.
Natalie Austin: So I know methadone is daily. I didn't realize I could do Suboxone day. Oh yeah, that's crazy.
christa Barker: Though what she made me do was go to
christa Barker: I had to check in there every morning and then I had to go to the pharmacy to get two pills and then go back and those rubber, which was okay except for our town Rite Aid and CBS or the main pharmacies and Rite Aid isn't taken insurance anymore except for one, you know, I did.
christa Barker: And vs was taken three hours to fill the prescription. I was in there, three hours every day to do that.
christa Barker: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Oh my goodness. Such Tracy what what town is that you did.
Natalie Austin: I'm
christa Barker: Glad to know my. Oh, hey, it's the most southern point of Ohio. We're in between Huntington, West Virginia and Ashley we're right on the border.
christa Barker: Okay, the river.
Natalie Austin: Actress stars. That's crazy.
christa Barker: Yes, I thought it was too. You know, I'm actually, I got an appointment with my uncle here in a week or two.
To go to
christa Barker: A clinic.
christa Barker: To get a marijuana card for pizza.
christa Barker: Yeah, really helps with the anxiety. I can't, I don't want to take another pill. I don't want to take medication. I don't that stuff messes with the
Natalie Austin: Chemicals in our brains.
christa Barker: Yeah, and then like marijuana
christa Barker: I mean,
Natalie Austin: Whenever you get it. Let us know and we'll make a copy of it for your chart. Okay.
christa Barker: I will that
Natalie Austin: Shows up in your, your urine drug stream on
Natalie Austin: A lecture from us.
christa Barker: Yeah. Okay. Sounds good.
christa Barker: Yeah, I just wanted to be honest with you and let you know in the black surreal. I don't take it a lot because, well, the way it was prescribed was for like
christa Barker: The leg things so I don't feel like I should have to be on it.
christa Barker: Every day.
Right.
Natalie Austin: What is it
Natalie Austin: It was
Natalie Austin: Yeah, three times a day.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Now. No, that's okay. You're allowed to be on it. Tell me.
Natalie Austin: What can you tell the pharmacist, the pharmacist also get
christa Barker: My counselor.
Know my
christa Barker: Work.
christa Barker: That, you know, and then she mentioned in a group that her drug and alcohol part had lapsed, and she was waiting to get
christa Barker: It renewed. I didn't think she was allowed to be my counselor if she didn't have the drug and alcohol or whatever. So I just
Natalie Austin: Decided that Sylvania, I think you do. I mean, in Ohio. I think you do need that.
christa Barker: Yeah. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So how long even going to that that clinic where you had to do that three hour thing, how long
christa Barker: I've been gone to that clinic for a few months, the doctor was excellent. He didn't care about the marijuana
christa Barker: And he knew my plans. I've been on the waiting list for a couple months now that he knew the plans to get in there. So he didn't gripe about it and they switched companies, I guess it was pinnacle, and then they turned into attend
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Now, we don't really have a problem with either because it's actually you can be on medical marijuana for for opioid opioid use disorder. Did you know that
christa Barker: Yes.
Natalie Austin: I brought out it
Natalie Austin: Yeah. So yeah, you're able to get on that no issues.
Natalie Austin: So, I mean, we don't make a big gripe about that is like we do.
christa Barker: With a pencil.
christa Barker: Yes, yes. I mean, I could see that there's other things more harmful and there seems like those things are easier to get nowadays than marijuana, you know. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Like
christa Barker: Like the methamphetamines and the heroin and that's I've never done heroin meth.
So,
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your story. What time. What's the time frame here that you were diagnosed that you put on on the opioids.
christa Barker: I was 25 when I was diagnosed with the lupus. I was 28 when I started taking pain medicine.
christa Barker: And I was 35 by the time it got up to like OxyContin Percocet and I was addicted. At that point, and I never even knew what addiction was until I have my first detox. And I was like, whoa, I didn't realize that you can do that.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your name again I want to look you up here.
christa Barker: Krista CH AR is TA Barker be a RK er.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Date of Birth of December eighth of 75
Natalie Austin: Is that right
christa Barker: Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: You're 44 years old.
christa Barker: Yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So that is 35 is when you were you had the trouble with the opioids are the oxy codeine, yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes. What did you do between 835 and now
christa Barker: I'm I did inpatient rehab.
christa Barker: And then I still wasn't in Iowa. After that, because I actually ended up doing impatient, because my family decided that's what I needed. And they found a way to get a felony on me. So I could go
christa Barker: What. So, yeah, yeah. Lovely. And so I was just, I was like, you want to see a druggie I'll show you a druggie that's when I went to. I went to get another doctor to prescribe them like i was i was best not an open
Natalie Austin: Well, only on was the family on
Um,
christa Barker: It was a check that my mom. My mom had sent me to the store to buy some food which we'd always done that, that she needed that to use against me later for the felony. I signed her name. It was $25 jack. I got $1 73 off the groceries, she told him that I went bought drugs with it.
christa Barker: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
christa Barker: It's all right. I'm over it now. But, you know, and at that time she wasn't aware I had teenage kids that were still in her medication.
christa Barker: When I went to star, the program. She thought I was getting going to get clean on she realized they were stealing her stuff because it was still kind of missing you know
christa Barker: So that's when she figured out it wasn't me doing that, you know, I wasn't the one that had that big of an issue. I did, but I knew I had a problem and I knew I needed help, there should have been a better way to go about it.
Natalie Austin: Right, my stars. It's crazy.
Natalie Austin: Um,
christa Barker: I've gotten over a lot of stuff I do meditation three times a day, and I really, I'm very mindful.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: So at 35 you are addicted oxycodone, you had to go in the street to get them because you're
Natalie Austin: Also probably quit.
Natalie Austin: Writing on for you.
christa Barker: Yeah, until I found a new doctor and then he wrote them until I was almost 14 and then I went to rehab. After that, I give up. I didn't. I was taken over the dose. I didn't want to be taking over those want to be buying them off the street. I was hired to the game. So I went to the box.
Natalie Austin: So at 41 into rehab like a rehab center.
christa Barker: No, it was outpatient
christa Barker: You know where I'm get prescribes box and do the treat men, stuff like that. I didn't want to do and patient anymore.
Natalie Austin: So you never did any IV stuff. That's good.
No, no.
christa Barker: No, but I snorted. And that was a big mistake my sinuses horrible. Now I am
christa Barker: I guess I'd rather pay for that, though, than to have bad like Danes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
christa Barker: Oh, sorry for people that have to have surgery, one day and have done that to their veins.
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: And they get infections and
christa Barker: Yeah, that's how my husband died.
christa Barker: Really
christa Barker: Yes, we split up last year. And sorry, it's almost be here for you. It's in March and I'm still
christa Barker: Waiting split up in October of last year it was 2018 we split up in March was by January I had been talking to him and I said, something's up. I had a dream that he's by
christa Barker: This is that you're sick and he showed me a place on his arm, where he had come up and as you're using drugs again and it was methamphetamine.
christa Barker: And that's rapid and it caused infection and he got substance and died and
christa Barker: That was, it was the worst thing, but kind of the best thing because I have like a big spiritual awakening over it and
christa Barker: It's just, you know, now it's been a year. And I'm thinking about eight
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Well, he was, he shooting up
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah that's what got infected. Okay, gotcha. Oh, yeah.
christa Barker: That's what did it.
Natalie Austin: Hmm.
Natalie Austin: So how long even claims since 40 right since age 44 years
Yep.
christa Barker: Okay.
Good.
christa Barker: Yeah. And what I'm
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, yeah, it should be.
Natalie Austin: Now what we're script, um,
Natalie Austin: Were you what prescription was, were you taking from the other clinics.
christa Barker: And what do you mean like the Suboxone
christa Barker: Yes. Oh, I take two eight milligram. The two they whatever I don't even know what
Natalie Austin: The last two
Natalie Austin: Yes.
christa Barker: Yeah, I'd say two of those a day and I was prescribed the tablets. I don't know how care sources, now that I did get a letter saying, I need a new PA soon so
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, are they covering the film or the the tablets now.
christa Barker: They have her the generic film.
christa Barker: It. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So what you want from us.
christa Barker: I can take that I really can knit way it works. Okay. I mean, I think the strips work just as good as the tablets that my pharmacy prescribes I just don't like the white tablets.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: Like a detox of those
Natalie Austin: Um, you take it twice a day. Right.
christa Barker: Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: It was last time you got a prescription filled
christa Barker: Last Monday for a week. It's due today.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: What pharmacy. Are you using
christa Barker: I would rather use Cobra pharmacy. I got that information.
Okay.
christa Barker: They're
christa Barker: Right close to town.
Natalie Austin: What's the name. What's the name of the pharmacy.
christa Barker: And think about doing that, that
christa Barker: Okay, the pharmacy is Cobra pharmacy.
christa Barker: How do you spell that in C. O. R. E. A. L.
christa Barker: G. R. V.
christa Barker: And address so dang tiny
Natalie Austin: So it's called GR EA co grow.
christa Barker: colegrove GR of the OB.
Natalie Austin: Ob okay
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: It's on 600 Marion pike.
christa Barker: And then it says iron in Ohio for the address.
Natalie Austin: Titusville irons and
christa Barker: I are in studio in
Natalie Austin: Downtown Ohio. Okay, gotcha. Yeah.
christa Barker: Then what's the zip code. It's 45638
christa Barker: You probably heard it called aren't
Natalie Austin: Aren't
christa Barker: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: That's Western PA people for ya.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Or Western or Southern Ohio, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so we call it. Yeah, I saw your buddy.
christa Barker: Hey,
Natalie Austin: So I'm the last few scripts from this from that place that makes you sit there for two hours.
Natalie Austin: Or three hours.
christa Barker: Abs. Yeah, I'd rather go to colegrove tired of that.
christa Barker: And Cobra.
christa Barker: they'll accept the prescription. They build it for me before I went to CBS. They were the one
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, we'll continue that same those then
christa Barker: Okay.
christa Barker: Sounds good to me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go over
Natalie Austin: Your past medical history, any other
Natalie Austin: You said you have, um, we have lupus.
christa Barker: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And that here to this.
Natalie Austin: Is it in remission or
christa Barker: It seems to be, I haven't had as many players as I used to. But like I said, I meditate. And I think that helps helps like tremendously.
christa Barker: Have had had not learn how to do that. I've controlled. A lot of my pain with that and and you know I can change my mood. I can be like, it's just, it's a miracle. That's my miracle.
Natalie Austin: On
Natalie Austin: Which form of lupus. Do you have as numerous forms here.
christa Barker: It's the SL something
Natalie Austin: Okay so yep
christa Barker: Yeah, it affects my skin.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: Everything else. So I think a systemic lupus.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so he systemic lupus erythematosus, is that correct
christa Barker: Yes, that's exactly it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Any other medical diagnoses.
christa Barker: Nope that's it, except for PTSD. I went through stuff like
christa Barker: Well, I lost my best friend, my kid's dad, he killed it. So,
christa Barker: Then my last my husband and I was right. So it all just I can't, I can't be touched. I just, well,
christa Barker: Again, don't be nervous.
christa Barker: Yes, and they diagnosed with PTSD. I wasn't didn't even know what that man I knew my husband had it or my ex husband had it for the war. But when I was sitting there telling them how I felt. I'm going to smoke somebody out because I touched me on the shoulder, and I didn't expect it like
christa Barker: I was going to get choked, and that was one of the main things for PTSD and I was like okay I accept it because I do do that.
Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Did you get therapy for that for those
christa Barker: Yes, yes.
christa Barker: Yeah, not i mean i i don't care to talk about it.
christa Barker: That's the only problem.
Natalie Austin: I saw me give you that there is for. That's all.
christa Barker: Yeah. The only thing I had problems getting past right now is it's been a year and I still miss
Natalie Austin: Oh, how long were you married
christa Barker: Two years. I knew him since he was six months old.
Natalie Austin: Really
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Wow.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do you have kids together.
christa Barker: No, he went actually had went separate ways, and had different relationships and then we got together later.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: But, but see he okay his dad married my grading.
christa Barker: And they were all born when they got married. So I use in my life, my whole life.
Wow.
Natalie Austin: That's pretty wild.
christa Barker: That is
Natalie Austin: Oh my goodness.
Natalie Austin: I'm so do you have diabetes, hypertension, thyroid
Natalie Austin: Anything else, any other diagnoses.
christa Barker: Nope. Nope.
Any surgeries.
christa Barker: Just gallbladder surgery and C section.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Do you still have your tonsils in your appendix.
christa Barker: Oh no, that's right. I got my tonsils taken out when I was eight.
christa Barker: Okay, but I have my Bendix okay
Natalie Austin: What age were you when you got your gallbladder taken out.
christa Barker: I was 28
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: Yep.
Natalie Austin: And what age did you have your C section.
christa Barker: I had to. I had
christa Barker: One at 19 and then because I had to do the emergency kind
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: And then I had it done again 29 and that was my life.
Natalie Austin: So you have two children.
Natalie Austin: I have three. The other one was bad.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, first one
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Finger information in here.
christa Barker: On here.
Natalie Austin: Phone number 740-237-2968
christa Barker: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay with colegrove pharmacy 600 Marion pike. Yeah, I think we got it.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll take somebody will film twice a day. If I give you 12 give you 28 tablets here looks like.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um, let's go on. Yeah. So we're finished with the past surgical history. Let's go under family history.
Natalie Austin: Okay I your parent or your parents still alive.
christa Barker: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Alive and well do they have any
christa Barker: Medical you know my mom's gone down. He'll
christa Barker: She's got a lot of stuff wrong with her right now our heart and stuff like that.
christa Barker: She's had a couple students done lately, and it's just not getting better, dad, he's okay he's had heart problems like heart, high blood pressure, but he's got to do another surgery, he had shoulder surgery and he messed it up.
christa Barker: And now I gotta do the reverse time
Natalie Austin: Oh,
christa Barker: Yeah I know so bad.
christa Barker: And we are all raising my four granddaughters
Natalie Austin: You are
Natalie Austin: Yes, I guess.
christa Barker: We got a big job.
Natalie Austin: Wow, are you raising your four granddaughters
christa Barker: And my daughter, she ended up using that messed up to and she got psychosis come to find out that she was schizophrenia. Nick and I didn't know
christa Barker: And it's come out like like we had an idea, something was up. But then she's been she had like tests and stuff done as a teenager bit now it shows and
christa Barker: Even though psychosis part is gone, she still has the schizophrenia.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Natalie Austin: How many kids. Does she have
christa Barker: For well and now she's pregnant with another we're not sure what's going to happen there because the state to before because of her disability. So I don't know what's going on.
christa Barker: But he the dad to this one is in Columbus, he works on
christa Barker: You know machines at the hospital one stuff the CT machine.
christa Barker: Make decent money and he can take this year. I JUST WANTED TO GET FIXED. I DON'T WANT TO
christa Barker: Miss yeah yeah
christa Barker: Or even her doctor recommended that
Natalie Austin: You might be able to get like a ward of the court, you know, she can't make decisions, maybe
christa Barker: Yeah. Well, it's kind of hard though because Ohio wants to charge $150 for us to go into court and do that, and we have to support kids.
christa Barker: Like $120 will take away
christa Barker: Out of a month for them, you know,
Natalie Austin: That might be worth it, though.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Save another three kids are so you know
christa Barker: Oh yeah, that's something to think about. Definitely.
Natalie Austin: Maybe just save a little bit weekly or something for you get up to that point, maybe
christa Barker: That's a good idea.
Natalie Austin: Let's get money jar, the corner there is trying to save up use coupons and save whatever you say what that
Put in your drawer. I
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
christa Barker: No, I'm an only child. Well, my brother died when I was eight years old.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let
christa Barker: Me an only child.
Natalie Austin: What happened to him.
christa Barker: He was handicapped, something happened when my mom was pregnant with he had real high fever.
christa Barker: And some infection and that caused some problems again so he couldn't longer talk and I guess they call it autistic now that it was severe autism, you know, on the spectrum of not walking not talking and have a major seizures all days.
Natalie Austin: With a younger older than you.
christa Barker: Older live years
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And he just, he just passed away from seizures and just pour him.
christa Barker: Well, they had him on so much medication. He was 13 years old and as Oregon's had just gave out started bleeding out because of all the medication.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
christa Barker: Yeah, because like seizure bills they had him on 20 different daily medications and if they didn't, he would grandma sees all day.
christa Barker: Long
Natalie Austin: Walking around heaven.
christa Barker: That's right, that's right. I'm
Natalie Austin: Talking to him, you get a new boys.
christa Barker: Tend to come to me and show me that for some reason I don't understand why.
christa Barker: Like, I'm a good conduit for that. So I seen him after he passed. I see my husband after he passed. I seen both of them.
christa Barker: Is already past like so. Yeah, I get good confirmation that they're okay.
Well, good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go under Social history.
Natalie Austin: You're, you have four children.
christa Barker: No. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Fortunately 332 to a C section one novel. Yeah.
christa Barker: Yes.
Natalie Austin: So they boys, girls one girl.
christa Barker: Or the other two boys and one girl.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: The youngest is 13 he's at home with me. And then my oldest boy or 14. Yeah. Hi, you just turned 14
christa Barker: And then my oldest is a well he's in prison for methamphetamine and walking into a house. He got leaked out you know it has spent on it and then they don't know where they're at. So
Natalie Austin: How old is your oldest one
christa Barker: Oldest is 26 and then 20 I wish my 26 year old to be 27 and a couple months and then my 14 year olds.
Natalie Austin: Okay, see a boy, girl, boy.
christa Barker: girl, boy.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so I'll see your oldest is she'll be 27
christa Barker: Yes.
Natalie Austin: And then your son is okay 25
Natalie Austin: Yep. He's the one in prison. Okay, then you have a 14 year old. Okay.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: So you have all four of her children living with you.
christa Barker: Yes, me, my mom and dad.
Natalie Austin: Oh, and you live with your parents.
christa Barker: Yeah, I mean, it pretty much happened the way it showed of like when my husband passed mom was sick, like she almost died. The very week after he passed, and it was like I had it was like it happened for a reason, everything happens for a reason.
Natalie Austin: That's nice. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Like full circle. You know, you're back together again with
christa Barker: Your parents. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what I say like, I'm so lucky to be able to spend this time with
Natalie Austin: Them right
Natalie Austin: And I'm sure the little, the little kids, you know, are a joy to hear little voices in your talks around, you know,
christa Barker: Oh yeah, they make me happy.
Natalie Austin: Happy to.
christa Barker: We got 356 and eight.
Natalie Austin: Okay 356 and eight. Wow.
christa Barker: Are they boys or girls all girls.
Natalie Austin: Oh really,
christa Barker: Yeah. Now, my son has a little boy. He lives in South point he is five.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
christa Barker: He was born the same year the five year old girl was like two weeks apart.
Natalie Austin: Did you ever get to see him.
christa Barker: Yes, I do get to see him.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
christa Barker: I haven't seen him in a little while, but I do get to see
Natalie Austin: Now your daughter's pregnant again, is she having a boy or a girl. She doesn't know yet.
christa Barker: She doesn't know yet.
Natalie Austin: It's too soon. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Are you employed.
christa Barker: I work at home. I do tarot cards and I teach energy shopper energy meditation, stuff like that.
Natalie Austin: You teach is that are aligned to. Yeah.
christa Barker: YEAH, IT'S ALL MINE, I DO YouTube videos, which I don't really get paid for that. But it's part of my my company, you know, part of what I do at it. My company is called psychic soul sciences.
Okay.
christa Barker: I've been reading cards, since I was 21 I just decided to go on my own. I have enough I have enough experience and
christa Barker: I'm really good with the meditation and the healing and stuff. And people seem to want to hear what I have to say. So it's like every week, I get like 10 new people.
Natalie Austin: So how do you, how do you spell. It's like Sol Sol senses.
christa Barker: Yes. So, you ll S E in E S Yes.
Natalie Austin: So you L.
christa Barker: As in
christa Barker: End. Yes.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Sex, sex.
christa Barker: Yeah yeah like senses.
Natalie Austin: Senses. Gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you um you do really tear carbs and what was the other thing you did counseling or what
christa Barker: What read my net it's it's tarot readings and I teach the meditation, like I teach, and I like the God conscious part of it like
christa Barker: I understand the shocker energy and how when you open that up. It helps you to learn more and understand more about the universe, the connection of it all. I teach that and
Natalie Austin: We need
christa Barker: Yes, I do.
Natalie Austin: I have classes, how do you
Natalie Austin: How do you get classes out there on your website.
christa Barker: I yes and people will book like they'll, they'll find my videos online and then they'll book and they'll ask for different questions and all give them the time. Like sometimes I just charge $20 it's just depends on what they can pay
Natalie Austin: I want to
christa Barker: Help people, you know, so
Natalie Austin: So YouTube videos repair like an advertisement, sort of, that's how you get
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh.
christa Barker: Yes, and every week like whatever I'm thinking about I'll do a 10 minute video on it and people will resonate with it and also not picking up new clients.
Natalie Austin: That's awesome. Wow.
Natalie Austin: How many clients do you have now.
christa Barker: I have about probably about 150 this was, this is what the new company I've usually carried about 350 at a time.
Natalie Austin: Oh my stars. Amazing.
christa Barker: Yeah, so this has
christa Barker: Been on my own.
christa Barker: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Thank you. But that's the American dream is to have your own business, you know,
christa Barker: Yes, I know. I know. And I'm, I'm working on, it's getting bigger and my company I had been with them for seven years, she found out I was on my own advertising and she she accused me and moonlighting, and I was like, No, no, no. We're in my contract. Does this say
christa Barker: I didn't go on my own. It says, I can't use your feedback, but
christa Barker: Doesn't say I can't go.
christa Barker: She bought a Barrios like thank
christa Barker: God, yes. And that's when I went on my own.
Natalie Austin: But what caught me was that was the other job you're in
christa Barker: It was said yep tarot reading that, you know,
christa Barker: She shouldn't have done that, like she didn't have to see what it was is where I was advertising my company. They were starting to see the ads on it. They were starting to see this stuff on it. My publicity and how good I was doing an invader.
christa Barker: Yeah, so
christa Barker: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Jealousy is a weird thing, isn't it.
christa Barker: Yes, it is.
Well,
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's see where where we get your widow. Are you dating again.
christa Barker: Now I'm not ready.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Okay, so we're done with these the social good or do you smoke do drugs or drink alcohol.
christa Barker: I smoke cigarettes. I don't drink alcohol. I don't do other drugs.
christa Barker: Okay. Well, except for us, hopefully.
Natalie Austin: Smoke weed.
christa Barker: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Do you have. Do you have a medical marijuana card yet.
christa Barker: No, I'm on the list for it.
Natalie Austin: Because you can do that with them opioid use disorder is one of the diagnoses. You can use
christa Barker: I know
christa Barker: In PTSD.
Natalie Austin: They both are
christa Barker: Yeah, that's what I was going with was the PTSD.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, but you can also use you can piggyback it with the opioid use disorder to
christa Barker: I know that's wonderful. I'm so excited.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. I'm glad you're on the list for that. Awesome.
Natalie Austin: Um, okay. So we're where we go off on a tangent here how much you smoke a
Natalie Austin: PACK A DAY. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, how many years 10 years 20 years
christa Barker: About 20 years
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So that's the social history, their
Natalie Austin: Family History social history yes assessment. So you're self employed.
Natalie Austin: As a tarot card reader.
Natalie Austin: Um, let's go on to allergies. Do you have any allergies anything
christa Barker: Just seasonal
Natalie Austin: Okay, now I'll use the medications and
christa Barker: Nope.
Natalie Austin: Not any other men. Any other medications you're taking besides the Suboxone
christa Barker: Just flips through every now and then I get them first ride for like restless leg syndrome. But that's it.
Natalie Austin: No, no, there's 10 milligrams
Natalie Austin: Was it 10 milligrams three
Natalie Austin: Times a day.
Natalie Austin: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Restless Leg so flex real 10 three times a day, and who gives you, who writes you that your family doctor
christa Barker: Yeah, that would be Susan Runyon
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So slugs okay um
Natalie Austin: Any other medications vitamins.
christa Barker: No. Nope, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, it's going to review systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
christa Barker: No.
Natalie Austin: No withdrawal symptoms because you're obviously still taking Suboxone right
Natalie Austin: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So essentially negative review systems, then they'll do physical because I am
Natalie Austin: well developed wonders white female. How tall are you,
christa Barker: I am five
christa Barker: 575 pounds.
Natalie Austin: Okay, wait, is 175
Natalie Austin: Okay, no cute distress. I'm at AMP T Pirlo cardiac normal profile perfusion lungs only restorations admin on the standard
Natalie Austin: Extremities know team on neuro cranial nerves to the 12 and tact site alert and oriented times three pleasant uncooperative
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal
Natalie Austin: No deformities. No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Jenna tell ya deferred
Natalie Austin: Thank goodness. Right.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay assessment opioid use disorder and revision to PTSD three restless leg syndrome.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Sorry for lupus SLE
Natalie Austin: in remission.
Natalie Austin: And I'll go to plan.
Natalie Austin: Will do this about continuous Suboxone a slash to film twice a day, I'll just, we'll just spend 28 tablets today.
christa Barker: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll have you come back in two weeks, every two weeks. I'll see you will give you
Natalie Austin: Okay, better than every day, isn't it.
christa Barker: Yes, it is.
christa Barker: A god
Natalie Austin: Oh, and then I'm gonna continue flex role for restless leg syndrome per PCP.
Natalie Austin: Patient is obtaining her medical marijuana card currently on the list.
Natalie Austin: will sign up for
Natalie Austin: We have group therapy on Thursdays. So how do you sign up for that. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Because I don't think we've covered everything there.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you don't take any medicine for the lupus.
christa Barker: No.
christa Barker: I learned a lot with that meditation. I know, I know.
christa Barker: How to move
christa Barker: That energy
christa Barker: Body and
christa Barker: You can heal yourself. I got my blood pressure. I used to take blood pressure pills for three years straight. I took blood pressure pills and they were so no more blood pressure pills my blood pressure so low. Now,
christa Barker: Yes, we
christa Barker: Are so cool. Our body. I just need to learn how to get over addiction.
christa Barker: So,
Natalie Austin: I wanna, I want to try to send that prescription right now. So I want to, I want to put you down for a minute. If I lose your call you back when I hopefully
Natalie Austin: Okay, you hear me try to send this
Natalie Austin: Okay, you still area. Okay, let me
Natalie Austin: I'm going to send
Natalie Austin: Some while you're here.
Okay, sounds. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Okay, it's sending right now. I sent it sending you a text to just letting you know I sent it.
christa Barker: Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: You should get something on your phone.
christa Barker: Yeah.
christa Barker: There's your doctor has sent
Natalie Austin: Says, your doctor sent you a prescription
christa Barker: Yes, there's your doctor has sent you all a discount for your prescription. So it hasn't
Natalie Austin: Okay.
christa Barker: I have been recommending you all to everybody.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
christa Barker: Welcome
christa Barker: I just think it's too cool
christa Barker: And it's about time.
Natalie Austin: Yes, thank you. I appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I think I went through. If you ever gotten that text went through and I'll just call them later and see if it says ready for you. Okay.
christa Barker: Alright, sounds good. So you want
christa Barker: To get the kids. I can
christa Barker: Check that out 9:59am
Natalie Austin: Went through so
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
No.
christa Barker: I don't, so I will actually do. How do I sign up for the group therapy.
Natalie Austin: I'll just call callbacks. The original number that you caught us
Natalie Austin: Okay. Suddenly he just talked to Natalie. You just had your initial eval and she said, I have to sign up with rush Rochelle on Thursday at one for group.
Natalie Austin: Okay that's medication group. And then also just mentioned that she does individual counseling as well. If you want to do that too.
christa Barker: Okay. Sounds good.
christa Barker: All right.
Natalie Austin: Nice meeting you.
christa Barker: It was very nice meeting you.
christa Barker: Thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. I'll see you Thursday for
Natalie Austin: For a group and then we'll see you in two weeks. Okay.
christa Barker: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
christa Barker: Have a good day.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye.
Bye.